Rework Music Library documentation (#846)
jellyfin/jellyfin.org: docs/general/server/media/music.md

# Music

> You should organize albums into folders, with one folder containing one and only one album. Jellyfin does not care how you organize albums together, as long as each album is contained within one folder. Filenames generally do not matter since the info will be scraped from the embedded metadata of the tracks. If no other metadata was found, Jellyfin uses the file names as track titles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Albums are organized in folders, with one folder containing one and only one album. Jellyfin does not care how you organize albums together, as long as each album is contained within one folder. Filenames generally do not matter since the info will be scraped from the embedded metadata of the tracks. If no other metadata was found, Jellyfin uses the file names as track titles.
```

```txt
Music
├── Some Artist
│   ├── Album A
│   │   ├── Song 1.flac
│   │   ├── Song 2.flac
│   │   └── Song 3.flac
│   └── Album B
│       ├── Track 1.m4a
│       ├── Track 2.m4a
│       └── Track 3.m4a
└── Album X
    ├── Whatever You.mp3
    ├── Like To.mp3
    ├── Name Your.mp3
    └── Music Files.mp3
```

> :::caution Special Characters in File Names

Reviewer: No need to use an admonition here.

While Jellyfin generally doesn't use the file names for identification, files containing special characters can still cause problems.

> The following characters are known to cause issues:

Reviewer: Can be a single paragraph

- < (less than)
- \> (greater than)
- : (colon)
- " (double quote)
- / (forward slash)
- \ (backslash)
- | (vertical bar or pipe)
- ? (question mark)
- \* (asterisk)

:::

## Discs

> Albums with several discs are identified by the metadata tags. Please place the tracks for all discs in one folder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Albums with several discs are identified by the metadata tags. Place the tracks for all discs in one folder.
```

```txt
Album
├── Disc 1 Track 1.ogg
├── Disc 1 Track 2.ogg
├── Disc 2 Track 1.ogg
├── Disc 3 Track 1.ogg
├── Disc 3 Track 2.ogg
└── Disc 3 Track 3.ogg
```

## Images

Images can come from a few different sources. For music, there are 3 image types, as shown in this image.

![Album View](/images/docs/server/media/music/AlbumImages.png)

### External images

Images can be provided as external files within the media folders. When provided, they should be placed alongside the media files. In case they are provided, they will take precedence over other sources.

> If a cover image is not provided, Jellyfin will fallback to the first track with an embedded album image. If Backdrop or Logo types are not provided, Jellyfin will fallback to these images of the album artist instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a cover image is not provided, Jellyfin will fallback to the first track with an embedded album image. If no backdrop or logo types are not available, Jellyfin will fallback to these images of the album artist instead.
```
